@pkgpath x11/py-qt6,python3
bin/pylupdate6
bin/pyuic6
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/INSTALLER
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/METADATA
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6-${MODPY_DISTV}.dist-info/RECORD
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtBluetooth${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtBluetooth.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtCore${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtCore.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtDBus${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtDBus.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtDesigner${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtDesigner.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtGui${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtGui.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtHelp${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtHelp.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtMultimedia${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtMultimedia.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtMultimediaWidgets${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtMultimediaWidgets.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtNetwork${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtNetwork.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtNfc${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtNfc.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtOpenGL${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtOpenGL.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtOpenGLWidgets${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtOpenGLWidgets.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPdf${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPdf.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPdfWidgets${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPdfWidgets.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPositioning${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPositioning.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPrintSupport${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtPrintSupport.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQml${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQml.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQuick${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQuick.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQuick3D${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQuick3D.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQuickWidgets${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtQuickWidgets.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtRemoteObjects${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtRemoteObjects.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSensors${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSensors.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSerialPort${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSerialPort.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSpatialAudio${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSpatialAudio.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSql${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSql.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSvg${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSvg.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSvgWidgets${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtSvgWidgets.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtTest${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtTest.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtTextToSpeech${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtTextToSpeech.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtWebChannel${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtWebChannel.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtWebSockets${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtWebSockets.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtWidgets${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtWidgets.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtXml${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/QtXml.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/QtBluetooth.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/QtBluetoothmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetooth.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothaddress.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothdevicediscoveryagent.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothdeviceinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothhostinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothlocaldevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothserver.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothservicediscoveryagent.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothserviceinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothsocket.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qbluetoothuuid.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergyadvertisingdata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergyadvertisingparameters.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergycharacteristic.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergycharacteristicdata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergyconnectionparameters.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergycontroller.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergydescriptor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergydescriptordata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergyservice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qlowenergyservicedata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qpybluetooth_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qpybluetooth_qmultihash.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtBluetooth/qpybluetooth_quint128.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/QtCore.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/QtCoremod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/pyqt-gpl.sip5
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qabstractanimation.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qabstracteventdispatcher.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qabstractitemmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qabstractnativeeventfilter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qabstractproxymodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qanimationgroup.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qanystringview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbasictimer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbitarray.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbuffer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbytearray.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbytearrayalgorithms.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbytearraylist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbytearraymatcher.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qbytearrayview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcalendar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcborcommon.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcborstreamreader.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcborstreamwriter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qchar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcollator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcommandlineoption.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcommandlineparser.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qconcatenatetablesproxymodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcoreapplication.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcoreevent.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qcryptographichash.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qdatastream.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qdatetime.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qdeadlinetimer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qdir.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qdiriterator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qeasingcurve.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qelapsedtimer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qeventloop.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qfile.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qfiledevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qfileinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qfileselector.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qfilesystemwatcher.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qflags.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qglobal.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qidentityproxymodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qiodevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qiodevicebase.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qitemselectionmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qjsonarray.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qjsondocument.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qjsonobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qjsonvalue.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qlibrary.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qlibraryinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qline.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qlocale.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qlockfile.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qlogging.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qloggingcategory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmargins.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmessageauthenticationcode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmetaobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmetatype.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmimedata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmimedatabase.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmimetype.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmutex.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qmutexlocker.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qnamespace.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qnumeric.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qobjectcleanuphandler.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qobjectdefs.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qoperatingsystemversion.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qparallelanimationgroup.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpauseanimation.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpermissions.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpluginloader.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpoint.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qprocess.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpropertyanimation.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpycore_qhash.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpycore_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpycore_qmap.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpycore_qset.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpycore_std_optional.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpycore_std_pair.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qpycore_virtual_error_handler.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qrandom.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qreadwritelock.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qrect.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qregularexpression.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qresource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qrunnable.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsavefile.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsemaphore.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsequentialanimationgroup.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsettings.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsharedmemory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsignalmapper.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsize.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsocketnotifier.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsortfilterproxymodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstandardpaths.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstorageinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstring.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstringconverter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstringconverter_base.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstringlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstringlistmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qstringview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsysinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qsystemsemaphore.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtemporarydir.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtemporaryfile.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtenvironmentvariables.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtextboundaryfinder.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtextstream.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qthread.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qthreadpool.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtimeline.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtimer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtimezone.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtipccommon.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtranslator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtransposeproxymodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtversion.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtyperevision.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qtypes.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qurl.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qurlquery.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/quuid.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qvariant.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qvariantanimation.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qversionnumber.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qwaitcondition.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qwineventnotifier.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qxmlstream.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtCore/qyieldcpu.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/QtDBus.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/QtDBusmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusabstractadaptor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusabstractinterface.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusargument.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusconnection.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusconnectioninterface.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbuserror.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusextratypes.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusinterface.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusmessage.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbuspendingcall.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusservicewatcher.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qdbusunixfiledescriptor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qpydbuspendingreply.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDBus/qpydbusreply.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/QtDesigner.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/QtDesignermod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractactioneditor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractformbuilder.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractformeditor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractformwindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractformwindowcursor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractformwindowmanager.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractobjectinspector.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractpropertyeditor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/abstractwidgetbox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/container.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/customwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/default_extensionfactory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/extension.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/formbuilder.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/membersheet.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/propertysheet.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/qextensionmanager.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/qpydesignercontainerextension.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/qpydesignercustomwidgetcollectionplugin.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/qpydesignercustomwidgetplugin.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/qpydesignermembersheetextension.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/qpydesignerpropertysheetextension.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/qpydesignertaskmenuextension.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtDesigner/taskmenu.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/QtGui.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/QtGuimod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/opengl_types.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qabstractfileiconprovider.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qabstracttextdocumentlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qaction.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qactiongroup.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qbackingstore.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qbitmap.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qbrush.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qclipboard.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qcolor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qcolorspace.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qcolortransform.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qcursor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qdesktopservices.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qdrag.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qevent.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qeventpoint.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qfilesystemmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qfont.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qfontdatabase.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qfontinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qfontmetrics.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qgenericmatrix.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qglyphrun.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qguiapplication.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qicon.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qiconengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qimage.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qimageiohandler.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qimagereader.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qimagewriter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qinputdevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qinputmethod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qkeysequence.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qmatrix4x4.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qmovie.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qoffscreensurface.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qopenglcontext.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpagedpaintdevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpagelayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpageranges.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpagesize.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpaintdevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpaintdevicewindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpaintengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpainter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpainterpath.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpalette.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpdfoutputintent.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpdfwriter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpen.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpicture.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpixelformat.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpixmap.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpixmapcache.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpointingdevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpolygon.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpygui_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qpygui_vulkan.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qquaternion.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qrasterwindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qrawfont.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qregion.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qrgb.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qrgba64.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qscreen.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qsessionmanager.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qshortcut.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qstandarditemmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qstatictext.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qstylehints.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qsurface.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qsurfaceformat.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qsyntaxhighlighter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextcursor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextdocument.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextdocumentfragment.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextdocumentwriter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextformat.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtextoption.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtexttable.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qtransform.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qundogroup.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qundostack.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qutimimeconverter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qvalidator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qvectornd.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qwindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtGui/qwindowdefs.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/QtHelp.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/QtHelpmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qcompressedhelpinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpcontentitem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpcontentwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpenginecore.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpfilterdata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpfilterengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpfiltersettingswidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpindexwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelplink.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpsearchengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpsearchenginecore.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpsearchquerywidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpsearchresult.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtHelp/qhelpsearchresultwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/QtMultimedia.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/QtMultimediamod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudio.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiobuffer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiobufferinput.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiobufferoutput.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiodecoder.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiodevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudioformat.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudioinput.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiooutput.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiosink.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qaudiosource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qcamera.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qcameradevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qcapturablewindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qimagecapture.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qmediacapturesession.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qmediadevices.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qmediaformat.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qmediametadata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qmediaplayer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qmediarecorder.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qmediatimerange.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qpymultimedia_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qscreencapture.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qsoundeffect.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qtvideo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qvideoframe.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qvideoframeformat.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qvideoframeinput.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qvideosink.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimedia/qwindowcapture.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimediaWidgets/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgets.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimediaWidgets/QtMultimediaWidgetsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimediaWidgets/qgraphicsvideoitem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtMultimediaWidgets/qvideowidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/QtNetwork.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/QtNetworkmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qabstractnetworkcache.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qabstractsocket.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qauthenticator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qdnslookup.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qformdatabuilder.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qhostaddress.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qhostinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qhstspolicy.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qhttp1configuration.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qhttp2configuration.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qhttpheaders.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qhttpmultipart.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qlocalserver.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qlocalsocket.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkaccessmanager.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkcookie.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkcookiejar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkdatagram.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkdiskcache.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkinformation.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkinterface.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkproxy.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkreply.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkrequest.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qnetworkrequestfactory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qocspresponse.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qpassworddigestor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qpynetwork_qhash.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qpynetwork_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qpynetwork_qmap.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qrestaccessmanager.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qrestreply.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qssl.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslcertificate.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslcertificateextension.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslcipher.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslconfiguration.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qssldiffiehellmanparameters.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslellipticcurve.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslerror.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslkey.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslpresharedkeyauthenticator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslserver.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qsslsocket.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qtcpserver.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qtcpsocket.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNetwork/qudpsocket.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/QtNfc.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/QtNfcmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qndeffilter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qndefmessage.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qndefnfcsmartposterrecord.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qndefnfctextrecord.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qndefnfcurirecord.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qndefrecord.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qnearfieldmanager.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtNfc/qnearfieldtarget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/QtOpenGL.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/QtOpenGLmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglbuffer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopengldebug.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglframebufferobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglfunctions_2_0.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglfunctions_2_1.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglfunctions_4_1_core.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglfunctions_es2.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglpaintdevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglpixeltransferoptions.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglshaderprogram.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopengltexture.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopengltextureblitter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopengltimerquery.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglversionfunctions.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglversionfunctionsfactory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglversionprofile.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglvertexarrayobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qopenglwindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qpyopengl_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGL/qpyopengl_std_pair.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGLWidgets/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGLWidgets/QtOpenGLWidgets.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGLWidgets/QtOpenGLWidgetsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtOpenGLWidgets/qopenglwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/QtPdf.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/QtPdfmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdfbookmarkmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdfdocument.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdfdocumentrenderoptions.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdflink.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdflinkmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdfpagenavigator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdfpagerenderer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdfsearchmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdf/qpdfselection.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdfWidgets/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdfWidgets/QtPdfWidgets.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdfWidgets/QtPdfWidgetsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdfWidgets/qpdfpageselector.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPdfWidgets/qpdfview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/QtPositioning.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/QtPositioningmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeoaddress.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeoareamonitorinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeoareamonitorsource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeocircle.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeocoordinate.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeolocation.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeopath.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeopolygon.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeopositioninfosource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeorectangle.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeosatelliteinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeosatelliteinfosource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qgeoshape.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qnmeapositioninfosource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPositioning/qnmeasatelliteinfosource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupport.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/QtPrintSupportmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qabstractprintdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qpagesetupdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qprintdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qprintengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qprinter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qprinterinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qprintpreviewdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qprintpreviewwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtPrintSupport/qpyprintsupport_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/QtQml.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/QtQmlmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qjsengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qjsmanagedvalue.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qjsprimitivevalue.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qjsvalue.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qjsvalueiterator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qmlattachedpropertiesobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qmlregistertype.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qpyqmllistproperty.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqml.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlabstracturlinterceptor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlapplicationengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlcomponent.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlcontext.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlerror.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlexpression.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlextensionplugin.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlfileselector.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlincubator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmllist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlnetworkaccessmanagerfactory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlparserstatus.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlproperty.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlpropertymap.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlpropertyvaluesource.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQml/qqmlscriptstring.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/QtQuick.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/QtQuickmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickframebufferobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickgraphicsconfiguration.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickgraphicsdevice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickimageprovider.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickitem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickitemgrabresult.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickpainteditem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickrendercontrol.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickrendertarget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquicktextdocument.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qquickwindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgflatcolormaterial.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsggeometry.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgimagenode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgmaterial.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgmaterialshader.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgmaterialtype.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgnode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgrectanglenode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgrendererinterface.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgrendernode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgsimplerectnode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgsimpletexturenode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgtextnode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgtexture.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgtexture_platform.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgtexturematerial.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgtextureprovider.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick/qsgvertexcolormaterial.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick3D/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick3D/QtQuick3D.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick3D/QtQuick3Dmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick3D/qquick3d.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick3D/qquick3dgeometry.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick3D/qquick3dobject.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuick3D/qquick3dtexturedata.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuickWidgets/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgets.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuickWidgets/QtQuickWidgetsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtQuickWidgets/qquickwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/QtRemoteObjects.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/QtRemoteObjectsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/qremoteobjectabstractitemmodelreplica.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/qremoteobjectdynamicreplica.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/qremoteobjectnode.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/qremoteobjectregistry.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/qremoteobjectreplica.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtRemoteObjects/qtremoteobjectglobal.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/QtSensors.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/QtSensorsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qaccelerometer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qambientlightsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qambienttemperaturesensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qcompass.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qgyroscope.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qhumiditysensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qirproximitysensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qlidsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qlightsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qmagnetometer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qorientationsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qpressuresensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qproximitysensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qrotationsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qtapsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSensors/qtiltsensor.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSerialPort/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSerialPort/QtSerialPort.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSerialPort/QtSerialPortmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSerialPort/qserialport.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSerialPort/qserialportinfo.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/QtSpatialAudio.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/QtSpatialAudiomod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/qambientsound.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/qaudioengine.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/qaudiolistener.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/qaudioroom.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSpatialAudio/qspatialsound.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/QtSql.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/QtSqlmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqldatabase.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqldriver.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlerror.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlfield.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlindex.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlquery.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlquerymodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlrecord.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlrelationaldelegate.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlrelationaltablemodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqlresult.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qsqltablemodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSql/qtsqlglobal.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvg/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvg/QtSvg.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvg/QtSvgmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvg/qsvggenerator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvg/qsvgrenderer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvg/qtsvgglobal.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvgWidgets/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvgWidgets/QtSvgWidgets.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvgWidgets/QtSvgWidgetsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvgWidgets/qgraphicssvgitem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtSvgWidgets/qsvgwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/QtTest.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/QtTestmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/qabstractitemmodeltester.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/qsignalspy.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/qtestkeyboard.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/qtestmouse.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTest/qtestsystem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTextToSpeech/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTextToSpeech/QtTextToSpeech.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTextToSpeech/QtTextToSpeechmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTextToSpeech/qtexttospeech.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtTextToSpeech/qvoice.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebChannel/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebChannel/QtWebChannel.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebChannel/QtWebChannelmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebChannel/qwebchannel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebChannel/qwebchannelabstracttransport.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/QtWebSockets.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/QtWebSocketsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/qmaskgenerator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/qwebsocket.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/qwebsocketcorsauthenticator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/qwebsockethandshakeoptions.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/qwebsocketprotocol.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWebSockets/qwebsocketserver.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/QtWidgets.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/QtWidgetsmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qabstractbutton.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qabstractitemdelegate.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qabstractitemview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qabstractscrollarea.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qabstractslider.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qabstractspinbox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qapplication.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qboxlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qbuttongroup.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcalendarwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcheckbox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcolordialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcolumnview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcombobox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcommandlinkbutton.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcommonstyle.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qcompleter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qdatawidgetmapper.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qdatetimeedit.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qdial.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qdialogbuttonbox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qdockwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qdrawutil.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qerrormessage.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qfiledialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qfileiconprovider.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qfilesystemmodel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qfocusframe.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qfontcombobox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qfontdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qformlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qframe.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgesture.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgesturerecognizer.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicsanchorlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicseffect.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicsgridlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicsitem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicslayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicslayoutitem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicslinearlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicsproxywidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicsscene.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicssceneevent.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicstransform.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicsview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgraphicswidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgridlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qgroupbox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qheaderview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qinputdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qitemdelegate.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qitemeditorfactory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qkeysequenceedit.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qlabel.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qlayoutitem.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qlcdnumber.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qlineedit.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qlistview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qlistwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qmainwindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qmdiarea.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qmdisubwindow.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qmenu.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qmenubar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qmessagebox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qplaintextedit.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qprogressbar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qprogressdialog.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qproxystyle.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qpushbutton.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qpywidgets_qlist.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qradiobutton.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qrubberband.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qscrollarea.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qscrollbar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qscroller.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qscrollerproperties.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qsizegrip.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qsizepolicy.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qslider.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qspinbox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qsplashscreen.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qsplitter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstackedlayout.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstackedwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstatusbar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstyle.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstyleditemdelegate.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstylefactory.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstyleoption.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qstylepainter.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qsystemtrayicon.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtabbar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtableview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtablewidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtabwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtextbrowser.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtextedit.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtoolbar.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtoolbox.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtoolbutton.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtooltip.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtreeview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtreewidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qtreewidgetitemiterator.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qundoview.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qwhatsthis.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qwidget.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qwidgetaction.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtWidgets/qwizard.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtXml/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtXml/QtXml.toml
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtXml/QtXmlmod.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/bindings/QtXml/qdom.sip
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/designer_source.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/lupdate.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/pylupdate.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/python_source.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/source_file.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/translation_file.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/translations.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/lupdate/user.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/py.typed
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/sip.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/as_string.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/compiler.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/indenter.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/misc.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/proxy_metaclass.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/qobjectcreator.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Compiler/qtproxies.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Loader/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Loader/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Loader/loader.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/Loader/qobjectcreator.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/compile_ui.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/enum_map.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/exceptions.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/icon_cache.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/load_ui.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/objcreator.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/properties.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/pyuic.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/ui_file.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/uiparser.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/qaxcontainer.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/qscintilla.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/qtcharts.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/qtopenglwidgets.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/qtprintsupport.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/qtquickwidgets.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/PyQt6/uic/widget-plugins/qtwebenginewidgets.py
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/dbus/mainloop/pyqt6${MODPY_ABI3SO}.so
lib/qt6/plugins/PyQt6/
@so lib/qt6/plugins/PyQt6/libpyqt6qmlplugin.so
@so lib/qt6/plugins/designer/libpyqt6.so
