@conflict pygame-*
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_camera.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/_surface.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/camera.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/fastevents.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/font.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/freetype.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/_pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/bitmask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgcompat.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgimport.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pgplatform.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_bufferproxy.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_font.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_freetype.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_mask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/pygame_mixer.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/include/sse2neon.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/mask.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/mixer.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/palette.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgarrinter.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgbufferproxy.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgcompat.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgimport.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgopengl.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pgplatform.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/pygame.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/scrap.h
include/python${MODPY_VERSION}/pygame/surface.h
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/PKG-INFO
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/entry_points.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/not-zip-safe
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame-${MODPY_DISTV}-py${MODPY_VERSION}.egg-info/top_level.txt
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__init__.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/hook-pygame.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/__pyinstaller/hook-pygame.pyc
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_opencv.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_opencv.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_vidcapture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_camera_vidcapture.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_common.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_freetype.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/__init__.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/controller.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/touch.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/_sdl2/video.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/base.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/bufferproxy.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/bufferproxy.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/camera.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/camera.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/camera.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cdrom.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/color.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/color.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/colordict.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/colordict.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/compat.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/compat.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/constants.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/constants.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cursors.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cursors.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/cursors.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/display.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/display.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/__main__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/docs/__main__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw_py.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/draw_py.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/event.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/event.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/README.rst
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aacircle.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aacircle.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aliens.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/aliens.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/arraydemo.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/arraydemo.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/audiocapture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/audiocapture.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blend_fill.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blend_fill.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blit_blends.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/blit_blends.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/camera.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/camera.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/chimp.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/chimp.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/cursors.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/cursors.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/BGR.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien1.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien2.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien2.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien3.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/alien3.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/arraydemo.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/asprite.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/background.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/black.ppm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/blue.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/blue.mpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/bomb.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/boom.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/brick.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/car_door.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/chimp.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/city.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/crimson.pnm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/danger.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/explosion1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/fist.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/green.pcx
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/grey.pgm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.mp3
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.ogg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/house_lo.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/laplacian.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/liquid.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/midikeys.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/player1.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/punch.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/purple.xpm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/red.jpg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/sans.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/scarlet.webp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/secosmic_lo.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/shot.gif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/static.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/teal.svg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/turquoise.tif
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/whiff.wav
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/data/yellow.tga
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/dropevent.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/dropevent.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/eventlist.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/eventlist.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/fastevents.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/fastevents.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/font_viewer.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/font_viewer.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/fonty.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/fonty.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/freetype_misc.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/freetype_misc.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/glcube.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/glcube.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/headless_no_windows_needed.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/headless_no_windows_needed.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/joystick.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/joystick.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/liquid.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/liquid.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/mask.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/mask.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/midi.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/midi.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/moveit.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/moveit.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/music_drop_fade.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/music_drop_fade.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/pixelarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/pixelarray.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/playmus.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/playmus.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/prevent_display_stretching.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/prevent_display_stretching.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/resizing_new.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/resizing_new.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scaletest.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scaletest.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scrap_clipboard.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scrap_clipboard.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scroll.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/scroll.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/setmodescale.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/setmodescale.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound_array_demos.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sound_array_demos.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sprite_texture.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/sprite_texture.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/stars.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/stars.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/testsprite.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/testsprite.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/textinput.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/textinput.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/vgrade.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/vgrade.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/video.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/examples/video.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/fastevent.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/fastevent.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/font.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/font.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freesansbold.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freetype.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freetype.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/freetype.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/ftfont.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/ftfont.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/gfxdraw.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/gfxdraw.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/image.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/image.so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/imageext.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/joystick.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/joystick.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/key.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/key.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/locals.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/locals.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/macosx.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/macosx.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mask.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mask.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/math.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/math.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/midi.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/midi.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/midi.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer.so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mixer_music.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mouse.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/mouse.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/music.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/newbuffer.so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/overlay.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelarray.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelarray.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelcopy.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pixelcopy.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pkgdata.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pkgdata.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/py.typed
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame.ico
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.bmp
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.icns
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.svg
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/pygame_icon.tiff
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rect.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rect.so
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/rwobject.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/scrap.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/scrap.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sndarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sndarray.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sndarray.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sprite.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sprite.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sprite.pyi
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surface.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surface.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surfarray.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surfarray.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surfarray.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/surflock.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sysfont.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/sysfont.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__main__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/__main__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/base_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/base_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/blit_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/blit_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/bufferproxy_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/bufferproxy_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/camera_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/camera_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cdrom_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cdrom_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cdrom_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cdrom_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/color_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/color_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/compat_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/compat_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/constants_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/constants_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/controller_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/controller_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/controller_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/controller_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cursors_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/cursors_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/display_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/display_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/draw_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/draw_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/event_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/event_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fastevent_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fastevent_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fastevent_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fastevent_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/A_PyGameMono-8.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-18-100dpi.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-18-75dpi.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono-8.bdf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/PyGameMono.otf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/test_fixed.otf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/test_sans.ttf
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/fonts/u13079_PyGameMono-8.png
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/white_sizing.xbm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/fixtures/xbm_cursors/white_sizing_mask.xbm
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/font_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/font_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/font_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/font_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/freetype_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/ftfont_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/gfxdraw_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/gfxdraw_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image__save_gl_surface_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image__save_gl_surface_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/image_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/imageext_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/joystick_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/joystick_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/key_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/key_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mask_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mask_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/math_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/math_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/midi_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/midi_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_music_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mixer_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mouse_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/mouse_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelarray_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelcopy_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/pixelcopy_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rect_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rect_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_3_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_4_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_5_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_5_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_6_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/fake_6_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/no_assertions__ret_code_of_1__test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/no_assertions__ret_code_of_1__test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/zero_tests_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/all_ok/zero_tests_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/incomplete_todo_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/incomplete_todo_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/magic_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/magic_tag_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/sleep_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/everything/sleep_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/invisible_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/invisible_tag_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/magic_tag_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/exclude/magic_tag_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_3_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/failures1/fake_4_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete/fake_3_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/incomplete_todo/fake_3_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_1_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_1_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/infinite_loop/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_3_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stderr/fake_4_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_3_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_3_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_4_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/print_stdout/fake_4_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/run_tests__test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/run_tests__test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/fake_2_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/fake_2_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/sleep_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/run_tests__tests/timeout/sleep_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rwobject_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/rwobject_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/scrap_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sndarray_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sprite_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sprite_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surface_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surface_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surfarray_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surflock_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/surflock_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sysfont_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/sysfont_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_test_.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_test_.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/arrinter.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/arrinter.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/async_sub.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/async_sub.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/buftools.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/buftools.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/endian.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/endian.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/png.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/png.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/run_tests.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/run_tests.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_machinery.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_machinery.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_runner.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/test_utils/test_runner.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/threads_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/threads_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/time_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/time_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/touch_tags.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/touch_tags.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/touch_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/touch_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/transform_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/transform_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/version_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/version_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/video_test.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/tests/video_test.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/__init__.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/threads/__init__.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/time.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/time.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/transform.pyi
@so lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/transform.so
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/version.py
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/version.pyc
lib/python${MODPY_VERSION}/site-packages/pygame/version.pyi
